Make a note in the text about not providing merged objects for large projects (#118)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/04.methods.md

If any libraries included in the ScPCA project contain additional ADT data, the ADT data are also merged and stored in the `altExp` slot of the merged `SingleCellExperiment` object.
By contrast, if any libraries included in the ScPCA project are multiplexed and contain HTO data, no merged object is created.

> Merged objects were not created for any projects with more than 50 samples due to size constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merged objects were not created for projects with more than 50 samples because of the computational resources that would be required for working with those objects.
```
